Whether you have a problem in your life or not depends upon your own attitude, your own understanding.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
What we dwell on is who we become.
The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
What you are afraid of is never as bad as what you imagine. The fear you let build up in your mind is worse than the situation that actually exists.
Enjoy every minute of life. Never second-guess life.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Failure means you've now learned another valuable lesson that pushes you one step closer to success.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Don't let the past steal your present.
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. 
Conquer the devils with a little thing called love.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
You can put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig.
How you think when you lose determines how long it will be until you win.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Best be yourself, imperial, plain, and true.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.
Happiness is a quality of the soul...not a function of one's material circumstances.
Think of yourself as dead. you have lived your life. Now, take what's left, and live it properly.
Smell the cheese often so you know when it is getting old.
No man can get rich himself unless he enriches others.
Where focus goes, energy flows.
Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy.
Forever is composed of now's.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Where you are right now doesn't have to determine where you'll end up.
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
Any game becomes important when you know and love the players.
Decide upon your major definite purpose in life and then organize all your activities around it.
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no insurmountable barrier except our own inherent weakness of purpose.
Human beings believe just as they breathe - in order to survive.
Passion creates, addiction consumes.
Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you.
People who have goals succeed because they know where they're going. It's that simple.
Creative endeavors are by their nature uncertain.
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.  
